README.md, before:

#ev-heatmap

## Overview

ev-heatmap is a Predix UI component

## Usage

### Prerequisites
1. node.js
2. npm
3. bower
4. [webcomponents-lite.js polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs)

Node, npm and bower are necessary to install the component and dependencies. webcomponents.js adds support for web components and custom elements to your application.

## Getting Started

First, install the component via bower on the command line.

```
bower install ev-heatmap --save
```

Second, import the component to your application with the following tag in your head.

```
<link rel="import" href="/bower_components/ev-heatmap/ev-heatmap.html"/>
```

Finally, use the component in your application:

```
<ev-heatmap
  heatmap-data={{data}}
  scale={{scale}}>
</ev-heatmap>
```

<br />
<hr />

## Documentation

Read the full API and view the demo [here](https://predixdev.github.io/ev-heatmap).

The documentation in this repository is supplemental to the official Predix documentation, which is continuously updated and maintained by the Predix documentation team. Go to [http://predix.io](http://predix.io)  to see the official Predix documentation.


## Local Development

From the component's directory...

```
$ npm install
$ bower install
$ gulp sass
```

From the component's directory, to start a local server run:

```
$ gulp serve
```

Navigate to the root of that server (e.g. http://localhost:8080/) in a browser to open the API documentation page, with link to the "Demo" / working examples.

### GE Coding Style Guide
[GE JS Developer's Guide](https://github.com/GeneralElectric/javascript)

<br />
<hr />

## Known Issues

Please use [Github Issues](https://github.com/PredixDev/ev-heatmap/issues) to submit any bugs you might find.

Commit message:

added dynamic change of cell color based on scale change

README.md, after:

#ev-heatmap

## Overview

A highly visual and flexible interactive component for visualizing a data set based on a heat map scale of colors

## Usage

### Prerequisites
1. node.js
2. npm
3. bower
4. [webcomponents-lite.js polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs)

Node, npm and bower are necessary to install the component and dependencies. webcomponents.js adds support for web components and custom elements to your application.

## Getting Started

First, install the component via bower on the command line.

```
bower install ev-heatmap --save
```

Second, import the component to your application with the following tag in your head.

```
<link rel="import" href="/bower_components/ev-heatmap/ev-heatmap.html"/>
```

Finally, use the component in your application:

```
<ev-heatmap
  heatmap-data={{data}}
  scale={{scale}}>
</ev-heatmap>
```

<br />
<hr />

## Documentation

Read the full API and view the demo [here](https://predixdev.github.io/ev-heatmap).

The documentation in this repository is supplemental to the official Predix documentation, which is continuously updated and maintained by the Predix documentation team. Go to [http://predix.io](http://predix.io)  to see the official Predix documentation.


## Local Development

From the component's directory...

```
$ npm install
$ bower install
$ gulp sass
```

From the component's directory, to start a local server run:

```
$ gulp serve
```

Navigate to the root of that server (e.g. http://localhost:8080/) in a browser to open the API documentation page, with link to the "Demo" / working examples.

### GE Coding Style Guide
[GE JS Developer's Guide](https://github.com/GeneralElectric/javascript)

<br />
<hr />

## Known Issues

Please use [Github Issues](https://github.com/PredixDev/ev-heatmap/issues) to submit any bugs you might find.
